Improvements (#57)
vtex-apps/store-sitemap: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> ### Added
> - Adds token security, by saving it in VBase
> - Creates a generation Id, to identify a generation and not process events from other ones

Reviewer: The texts are already in the `Added` section

```suggestion
### Added
- Token security, by saving it in VBase
- Creation of a generation Id, to identify a generation and not process events from other ones
```
